remove ref to helix config sheet (#822)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/launch/index.mdx

### CDN and caching

* [ ] Update your CDN configuration with your production GraphQL endpoint (`yourproject.com/graphql`). Use that endpoint for all Sidekick extensions and scripts (for example, sitemap generation and the image importer).

> * [ ] Request a new CDN purge token for the Adobe Commerce production environment when you use Adobe Commerce Fastly. Update your [site configuration](https://tools.aem.live/tools/cdn-setup/index.html) with the `authToken` and `serviceId` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Request a new CDN purge token for your Adobe Commerce production environment when using Adobe Commerce Fastly. Then update your [site configuration](https://tools.aem.live/tools/cdn-setup/index.html) by adding the authToken and serviceId values.
```
